Update whats-new-windows-10-version-1809.md (#9538)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/whats-new/whats-new-windows-10-version-1809.md

>[!IMPORTANT]
>This is a private preview feature and therefore not meant or recommended for production purposes.

> Until now, Windows logon only supported the use of identities federated to ADFS or other providers that support the WS-Fed protocol. We are introducing “web sign-in,” a new way of signing into your Windows PC. Web Sign-in enables Windows logon support for credentials not available on Windows (e.g. Temporary Access Pass). Going forward, Web sign-in will be restricted to only support Azure AD temporary access pass. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now, Windows logon only supported the use of identities federated to ADFS or other providers that support the WS-Fed protocol. We are introducing **web sign-in**, a new way of signing into your Windows PC. Web sign-in enables Windows logon support for credentials not available on Windows (for example, Azure AD temporary access pass). Going forward, web sign-in will be restricted to only support Azure AD temporary access pass. 
```
